README.md, before:

Peripheral Framework
====================

**IMPORTANT! This framework is intended for ComputerCraft 1.63 and any subsequent versions which make use of the same API**

An open-source framework that has the aim of allowing developers to implement their ComputerCraft peripherals faster, easier, and cleaner; allowing them to focus more on developing their content.

Why Use This?
-------------

- Good for developers<sup>1</sup>
- Good for users<sup>2</sup>


<sup>1</sup> This framework removes the need to define any of ComputerCraft's IPeripheral methods, thus decluttering your classes and making development quicker and easier.

<sup>2</sup> Better formatted error messages when the wrong data type, or number of arguments, is provided to your method from the Lua program. e.g. `expected string, got number`

Installation for Developers
--------------

As a developer, installing this framework is as simple as copying the contents of the `src` directory into your project: this includes dan200's ComputerCraft API if you do not have it installed to your project already.

It is suggested that you utilize [OpenPeripheral's `Ignore` annotation](https://github.com/OpenMods/OpenPeripheral/blob/master/src/main/java/openperipheral/api/Ignore.java) with TileEntities in order to prevent OpenPeripheral from claiming your TileEntity as its own.

If you'd like to get an example of using this framework, a demo mod has been created [in the example](https://github.com/theoriginalbit/Peripheral-Framework/tree/master/example) folder. The documentation there should get you up and running with relative ease.


Installation for Users
--------------

If you are not a developer, you can install this framework by downloading the [current release](https://github.com/theoriginalbit/Peripheral-Framework/releases)<sup>1</sup> and dropping it into your mods folder.

<sup>1</sup> There aren't actually any releases yet.


License
-------

The Peripheral-Framework developed by Joshua Asbury (@theoriginalbit) is distributed under the terms of the GPLv3 License, which can be found under the name LICENSE in the distribution.

Commit message:

Numerous changes to the readme
Provided more examples of why to use this framework and restructured
the readme significantly.

README.md, after:

Peripheral Framework
====================

**IMPORTANT! This framework is intended for ComputerCraft 1.63 and any subsequent versions which make use of the same API**


Purpose
-------------

An open-source framework that has the aim of allowing developers to implement their ComputerCraft peripherals more easily, more quickly, and more cleanly; this has the advantage of allowing you to focus on writing useful code instead of formatting your code to the expectations of ComputerCraft's native API.


What Makes it Good?
-------------

The Peripheral Framework provides numerous advantages for both developers and users when it comes to making a peripheral. To fully appreciate just how much Peripheral Framework can do for you, take a look at a [side-by-side comparison](#nyi) between a native implementation of monitors and the simplified peripheral framework implementation. 

Below is a compiled list of the many things that this framework does to make your life easier.

 - **Remove the need for `getMethodNames` —** No more massive switch statements to handle something that should be incredibly simple. Write your methods as if you have the intention of reading them later.
 - **Re-use your code —** You shouldn't have to reimplement your peripheral methods in order to provide them as Lua functions. With this framework, simply adding the `@LuaFunction` annotation above your method will mark it as a Lua function.
 - **IPeripheral implementation not required —** There can be no doubt that interfaces are quite useful, but sometimes they add unnecessary clutter to your code. By using this framework you'll remove the need to implement the `IPeripheral` interface and free your code from contract methods.
 - **Seamless conversion between Lua and Java —** Don't worry about wrapping your return values in an `Object[]` array: this framework will handle wrapping your return values in an array.
 - **Automatically handle incorrect arguments -** Without the Peripheral Framework, ensuring that the user has input correct argument types can be a pain. With it however, useful error messages are automatically returned to the user informing them what the argument types should be (e.g. `expected string, got number`).
 - **And more ... ** The Peripheral Framework does a lot behind the scenes that will help you out when designing peripherals. Check out the [example mod](https://github.com/theoriginalbit/Peripheral-Framework/tree/master/example) for more documentation.


Installation for Developers
--------------

**NOTE: It is suggested that you utilize [OpenPeripheral's `@Ignore` annotation](https://github.com/OpenMods/OpenPeripheral/blob/master/src/main/java/openperipheral/api/Ignore.java) with TileEntities in order to prevent OpenPeripheral from claiming your TileEntity as its own.**

As a developer, installing this framework is as simple as copying the contents of the [`src`](https://github.com/theoriginalbit/Peripheral-Framework/tree/master/src) directory into your project: this includes dan200's ComputerCraft API if you do not have it installed to your project already.


If you'd like to get an example of using this framework, a demo mod has been created [in the example](https://github.com/theoriginalbit/Peripheral-Framework/tree/master/example) folder. The documentation there should get you up and running with relative ease.


Installation for Users
--------------

Users should not need to install this framework as developers should bundle it with their mod files. If you have been instructed to install this framework separately by a mod author, they have done something wrong.

License
-------

The Peripheral-Framework developed by Joshua Asbury (@theoriginalbit) is distributed under the terms of the GPLv3 License, which can be found under the name LICENSE in the distribution.
